hello guys it's raining outside it's
kind of depressing actually wanna say
that I would prefer to just Fanta but
they're saying - do I have to go visit
my old apartment a lot of stuff so
they're actually my version I bought two
AC units that's how you survive the
summers here in New York or most
apartments but I no longer need them so
a internet friend Audrey is in the city
shoes and have AC an apartment so it's
like yo girl one homes I've got these
ABS I'm meeting her there but this
morning very information it's starting
to slip I talk about one thing a lot on
Twitter sometimes an Instagram stories
that is beyond I love you all I just
worked out for the first time yesterday
so I woke up so for I literally woke up
move it I have hope
so I ordered breakfast I stayed and
watched three episodes of the office
this morning sometimes you just gotta
treat yell fail watched it over having
french toast and coffee and then I
listened to two podcasts that were so
wildly inspired not let's have a little
Real Talk I have never been into audio
so I have alt audio I love music I've
always been into music so things like
podcasts and radio and people talking
have always felt like they're picking up
my precious music time and then I'm sure
is doing stuff on anchor which is
basically like a radio show at make
podcasting easier started doing that
like literally every single day and I
just find audio so interesting
especially because we're moving into a
very audio driven future with all of
these you know like Alexis and Apple
home pods and things that are very
driven by audio and I always loved the
idea of podcasts but I could never get
into the only one that I finished all
the way through is like season want to
start up because I love start up and
hearing about their ups and downs
however I've been feeling so inspired in
the business realm and stuff that I'm
just like I can sacrifice half of my
music listing time to proactive
productive audio consumption time so
I've been listening to really cool stuff
on anchor but then I don't think there's
this whole podcasting world out there
and so I listen to two amazing podcast
this morning that have just got my brain
going so while one of them is from
recode where Scott Galloway at CEO of l2
and he's kind of lines of thought leader
people he's a professor at NYU he talks
about Google Amazon Facebook message the
people who are going to take over and in
the second one I actually surprise you
it about Jay Paul wolf Jay Paul is on
the podcast it's a school of greatness
Lewis Powell's podcast that came out
before all the rap battles so I just
have so many thoughts about those things
maybe we'll unpack them later but right
now we got to go
[Music]
you guys come to New York City and you
ever think about getting one of the
streetcars I want to show you where they
will come up
it's like very gross in the dirty so
look they're all on the same like
recover like trash basically in the same
class they put their like horse
carriages and everything don't ever get
the like pretzels or straight through
from okay I'm in my own apartment right
now first of all I think my Jesus -
Sonia and I heard him abusing a virus -
more shirt whoa higher welcome home
and then just come I was going to pick
this up today the overhead shooting rink
that I made but I come to just sit like
sleeps in it and broken yeah like
literally what happens
brokers waltz in here to the apartments
and still paying rent on and they just
start touching things and ruining
everything they also perfect admin over
there which is fantastic
so these a/c units little complex this
is already you're taking these from me I
am thank you some end so we got to be
resourceful here figure out how to take
take this off I had to go buy a tool so
if you're out on my tools I'm gonna
figure it out and we just wasted like
$15 at my
local bodega tolls it don't work I had
to come back here to my new apartment
because I need my tool out lineage to
change is especially hot out there and
it's no longer raining so not walking
back we did so you didn't know how you
say see units or you just basically
they're held together via the window the
pressure in some window and this but
then you have this so it won't fall on
sister cuz I'd that would all right
there they go off in there uber what's
their new to air-conditioning unit all
right I want to Joan the back end to
something that I was talking about
yesterday the two podcasts that I was
listening to the first one was the RICO
decode 1 or ever and basically in Scott
Galloway who is a pretty infamous CEO
type human he's basically talking about
the big for Amazon Apple Google and
Facebook a lot of the conversations
dominated around how Amazon is taking
over they just acquired Whole Foods for
thirteen billion dollars they'll talk
about the future of employment how these
great technical jobs are going to be
getting better higher paid but fewer are
going to be available just the gap is
widening and then also the future of
retail and is brick-and-mortar even
going to exist I love this topic so much
I could talk about in forever but the
second one was about a guy by the name
of Jake Paul who has been in all of the
headlines regarding YouTube news
recently alone utopistic
never done before test on the
competition man Tootie pie is next know
about his hot new summer single it's
everyday bro I'm pretty sure he has the
fastest growing YouTube channel right
now he's the brother of another famous
youtuber in Internet are Logan Paul
Theroux what you're trying to do because
I don't got a clue good morning okay
what's up I feel good this morning and
he also started this kind of social
media label called team tent where he
basically brings in and cultivates
talent and creates a ton of content
around it there has been a ton of hate
on him recently because he has been
making these rap music videos this every
day bro with the Disney Channel flow
within one day you had to spend 60 turn
on your radio kiss man just hit us with
the place tell me I had triggered
something in me I miss my my rapping
days just cause for the ones in Khan's
class listen up because we got tons of
class coming at you which contracts you
best listen if you want to laugh so
check it make a music video with this
team 10 squad and then he also makes a
diss track to his brother Logan Logan
makes a rap video to counter that diss
track mission there's a lot of rap
videos going back and forth the Internet
has so many things to say and Jake just
dropped a new one a little perfect
opportunity
I want to channel my inner h3h3 I feel
like I need to react to it
[Music]
Oh dogs just me and my boys like a fried
chicken y'all Kentucky ketika please no
Kolby oh god no God please no no no
these videos honestly remind me other
videos that I made in high school oh my
god yes they are so cringe I mean if I
could I use one word to describe all
these videos being made cringe and
especially because like Jake doesn't
have that really good of a voice or any
of the team ten people
logan's voice is actually not that bad
but the point of me even paying
attention to this is because I feel like
they're getting a necessary amount of
hate like I said it reminds me of the
videos that I was making an ID tool for
like my high school of peers
a lot of these videos are appealing to
their 13-year old girl audience and oh
my gosh Q can you imagine how much merch
they're selling from this
yes it's cringe but cut it's kind of
brilliant both Jake and Logan has been
gaining so many subscribers over the
past month it is insane I'm pretty sure
Jake's not trying to be the next rap
star even though he did do a small job
to Kendrick but hopefully that was a
joke pretty sure the joke I don't think
he's trying to make a career change to a
rapper but it is crazy the fact that hit
their song are like climbing the charts
of iTunes it is a obvious sign to the
world that youtubers and social media
stars can have as much impact as
mainstream media for sure the reason why
I heard about the podcast and now I'm
talking about his videos now is honestly
I say check Paul and Logan Paul kind of
in a new light now they're smart they
are so smart and strategic about what
they're doing online listening to the
podcast that Jake was on I learned that
Logan had a full ride to his college
like a full academic ride so he's smart
and they apply a missile and you can
tell they work so freaking hard like it
is constant all the stuff that they do
all the content they're constantly
putting out like do they sleep I don't
know so maybe a cringy rap videos aren't
for you
man you've got to respect the hustle the
reason why I point this out to my
viewers to you guys is you know I'm not
necessarily jeg fr but I will watch a
jake paul blog every now and then and
you know the trends that they follow and
how to utilize is the squad of social
media influencers that he has enlisted
in his social media label essentially is
very smart and it's actually pretty
inspiring and motivating to like alright
if you doing all these things by medium
I inch together and it's been actually
motivating to watch this hustle and
grind are they about humans ever
probably not are those above fingers no
are they the cancer of youtube I don't
think so either something that the
people of the internet are really good
at is taking a snapshot of someone
whether they're at the peak of their
success or just in a moment and
evaluating them as humans based on that
one snapshot and I never think that's
really fair you kind of have to look at
the whole story
alright trying to grow these and do like
a entire life lesson based on Jake
Paul's just really good like making
money off of 13 year old girls but just
as you go about your day as you're
forming opinions about people in real
life and also on the internet and when
you feel the need to express hate or
mean words to people maybe I want to get
a little bit more perspective and
context but I understand 2017 we ain't
got time for that
what if you do I think that's the right
step and adding more positives out there
in the universe I have no idea where
this conversation is led to I think I've
been recording for about 20 minutes now
and I should shut it down thank you guys
so much for tuning in let me know if you
like this video hit that subscribe
button down below for new videos and
and Monday through Friday and remember
stay peachy okay bye
[Music]